[docs] Add section about expo view (#19814)
expo/expo: docs/pages/modules/module-api.mdx

import { CodeBlocksTable } from '~/components/plugins/CodeBlocksTable';
import { PlatformTag } from '~/ui/components/Tag';
import { APIBox } from '~/components/plugins/APIBox';

> import { PlatformTags } from '~/ui/components/Tag';

Reviewer: Unused?

#### Arguments

> - **viewType** — The class of the native view that will be rendered. Note: a provided class have to inherit from the [`ExpoView`](#expoview) class. See [`Extending ExpoView`](#extending--expoview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **viewType** — The class of the native view that will be rendered. Note: On Android, the provided class must inherit from the [`ExpoView`](#expoview), on iOS it's optional. See [`Extending ExpoView`](#extending--expoview)
```

</APIBox>

## Native Classes

<APIBox header="Module">

A base class for a native module.

#### Properties

<APIMethod
  name="appContext"
  comment="Provides access to the [`AppContext`](#appcontext)."
  returnTypeName="AppContext"
  isProperty={true}
  isReturnTypeReference={true}
/>

#### Methods

<APIMethod
  name="sendEvent"
  comment="Sends an event with a given name and a payload to JavaScript. See [`Sending events`](#sending-events)"
  returnTypeName="void"
  parameters={[
    {
      name: 'eventName',
      comment: 'The name of the JavaScript event',
      typeName: 'string',
    },
    {
      name: 'payload',
      comment: 'The event payload',

>       typeName: 'iOS: [String: Any?]; Android: Map<String, Any?> | Bundle',

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      typeName: 'iOS: [String: Any?]; Android: Map<String, Any?> | Bundle',
```

This part I did not like, ideally we should use the platforms tags here and list return types in separate lines, but it might be a bit tricky when reusing APISection components. If this is hard to active we can just add `/n` or `<br />` for now.

Also we should list Android before iOS.

</APIBox>

## Native Classes

<APIBox header="Module">

A base class for a native module.

#### Properties

<APIMethod
  name="appContext"
  comment="Provides access to the [`AppContext`](#appcontext)."
  returnTypeName="AppContext"
  isProperty={true}
  isReturnTypeReference={true}
/>

#### Methods

<APIMethod
  name="sendEvent"
  comment="Sends an event with a given name and a payload to JavaScript. See [`Sending events`](#sending-events)"
  returnTypeName="void"
  parameters={[
    {
      name: 'eventName',
      comment: 'The name of the JavaScript event',
      typeName: 'string',
    },
    {
      name: 'payload',
      comment: 'The event payload',

>       typeName: 'iOS: [Stirng: Any?]; Android: Map<String, Any?> | Bundle',

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      typeName: 'iOS: [String: Any?]; Android: Map<String, Any?> | Bundle',
```
